


Bernd Franzmeier 
LLukeBF@t-online.de

Name:  Big Rescue
Typ: Single Player Mission
Size:96 x 96      temperate
Tested on Pentium100 32MB with RedAlert Version 1.07  english  
         - it work with the german version but you get other videos
   (the german version hasn`t all the possible videos)

Command and Conquer-Red Alert is a trademark of Westwood Studios, Inc.

This is my first single player mission.
Included:           1. ReadFirst file  (this file)
                    2. blank mission.ini file 
                    3. Tutorial.ini 
                    4. sc-001.mix
                      

When you give it to others -give them all files,please.

Do you know something how to create a single player mission?
When yes - I would like  to get your comments or some suggestions for a better mission. 
When no - You shouldn`t change anything in the two *.ini files or the mix-file. 
(E-Mail please!)

How to start my mission?
   First you must copy the two *.ini- and the mixfile in your RedAlert Directory.
 - the mission.ini file is a blank file but very important for the mission briefing.                       
   the tutorial.ini file is different from the original,
   which is stored in a mix-file,when you have a separate tutorial.ini you can 
   overwrite it with my tutorial.ini. It has no influence to the origial 
   westwood missions and most of selfcreated missions.
 -In the sc-001.mix file is the main mission file and some new sounds.
   It also includs a rules.ini file,when you  have a rules.ini you must move it out
   of your RA directory,because some entries are necessary for my mission. 
   A separately rules.ini will overwrite my rules.ini section(in the sc-001.mix).
   You could move your rules.ini file in another subfolder.
   Now start your RedAlert and choose new game - soviet,difficulty?-normal is ok.
   For correct"Videos" you must  take the Soviet CDROM(englishVersion) .
   I think my mission is very easy. 
   It`s impossible to fail. 
   Don`t wonder about the APC`s  -  they can transport 10civilians(not 5) but show
   a  trace for a short time.
   Otherwise you can E-Mail me your questions or comments.
   I don`t know if I`ll create another single player mission.At the moment I work on an
     AddOn with changed Icon graphics and some new sounds.
    
      GoodLuck.
